# [Gold I] Grammar - 10356

[문제 링크](https://www.acmicpc.net/problem/10356)

### 성능 요약

시간 제한: 5 초, 메모리 제한: 256 MB

### 통계

제출: 85, 정답: 23, 맞힌 사람: 11, 정답 비율: 37.931%

### 분류

다이나믹 프로그래밍

### 문제 설명

<p>Bob is one of the best students of the Formal Languages class. Now he is learning about context free grammars in the Chomsky Normal Form (CNF). Such a grammar consists of:</p>

<ul>
	<li>a set of nonterminal symbols N</li>
	<li>a set of terminal symbols T</li>
	<li>a special nonterminal symbol, called the start symbol S</li>
	<li>a set R of rules of the form A &rarr; BC or A &rarr; a, where A, B, C &isin; N, a &isin; T.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>

<p>If A &isin; N, we define L(A), the language generated by A, as follows:</p>

<p>L(A) = { wz | w &isin; L(B), z &isin; L(C), where A &rarr; BC &isin; R } &cup; { a | A &rarr; a &isin; R }.</p>

<p>The language generated by the grammar with start symbol S is defined to be L(S). Bob must solve the following problem: for a given context free grammar in CNF, on input string x, determine whether x is in the language generated by the grammar, L(S).</p>

### 입력

<p>The program input is from a text file. It starts with the input string x (|x|&lt;=1000). Follows the grammar rules, in the form ABC or Aa, each on a separate line. We consider that the start symbol is always S.&nbsp;</p>

<p>The input data are correct and terminate with an end of file. The program prints the result to the standard output from the beginning of a line.&nbsp;</p>

### 출력

<p>The program prints 1 if the string is in the language generated by the grammar, 0 otherwise.</p>

### 힌트

<p>Input/output samples are given in the table below. There are three tests. The first two use the same grammar: SAB, Sa, Ab (S&rarr;AB, S&rarr;a, A&rarr;b). For the first test the input string is a, and the result is 1, while for the second test the input string is ab and the result is 0.</p>