# [Silver IV] Bar Classification - 25275

[문제 링크](https://www.acmicpc.net/problem/25275)

### 성능 요약

시간 제한: 1 초 (추가 시간 없음), 메모리 제한: 1024 MB

### 통계

제출: 98, 정답: 60, 맞힌 사람: 41, 정답 비율: 53.247%

### 분류

구현, 브루트포스 알고리즘

### 문제 설명

<p>You are taking a course on machine learning at your university, and as homework you have been tasked with writing a program that can tell vertical bars from horizontal bars in images. To generate some training data, you use the following method. First, take an $N \times N$ grid, and fill it with zeros. Next, take a row or a column, and fill it with ones. Finally, take at most $N$ arbitrary cells, and flip them. Flipping a cell means changing a zero to a one, or changing a one to a zero.</p>

<p>Generating data this way is easy, but how to generate all the answers? It will take hours to go through the training data manually. If only you had a program that finds all the outputs automatically somehow.</p>

<p>You are given an $N \times N$ matrix that has been generated as in the description. Write a program that finds whether it was a column or a row that was filled with ones, or if it is impossible to determine.</p>

### 입력

<p>The first line of input consists of an integer $N$ ($2 \leq N \leq 1000$), the size of the grid.</p>

<p>The following $N$ lines each contain a string of length $N$ consisting of zeros and ones. These are the rows of the grid.</p>

<p>It is guaranteed that the input was generated by taking a grid of zeros, putting ones on a row or a column, and then flipping at most $N$ cells.</p>

### 출력

<p>If the bar was vertical (a column), print &quot;<code>|</code>&quot;. If it was horizontal (a row), print &quot;<code>-</code>&quot;. If it is impossible to determine (because it could be both), print &quot;<code>+</code>&quot;.</p>