# [Gold III] Code Sequence (Small) - 12681

[문제 링크](https://www.acmicpc.net/problem/12681)

### 성능 요약

시간 제한: 5 초, 메모리 제한: 512 MB

### 통계

제출: 12, 정답: 8, 맞힌 사람: 7, 정답 비율: 70.000%

### 분류

수학

### 문제 설명

<p>You are trying to compute the next number in a sequence S<sub>n</sub>&nbsp;generated by a secret code. You know that the code was generated according to the following procedure.</p>

<p>First, for each k between 0 and 29, choose a number C<sub>k</sub>&nbsp;between 0 and 10006 (inclusive).</p>

<p>Then, for each integer n between 0 and 1<sub>&nbsp;</sub>000<sub>&nbsp;</sub>000<sub>&nbsp;</sub>000 (inclusive):</p>

<ul>
	<li>Write n in binary.</li>
	<li>Take the numbers C<sub>k</sub>&nbsp;for every bit k that is set in the binary representation of n. For example, when n=5, bits 0 and 2 are set, so C<sub>0</sub>&nbsp;and C<sub>2</sub>&nbsp;are taken.</li>
	<li>Add these C<sub>k</sub>&nbsp;together, divide by 10007, and output the remainder as S<sub>n</sub>.</li>
</ul>

<p>You will be given a series of consecutive values of sequence S, but you don&#39;t know at which point in the sequence your numbers begin (although you do know that there is at least one more number in the sequence), and you don&#39;t know what values of C<sub>k</sub>&nbsp;were chosen when the sequence was generated.</p>

<p>Find the next number in the sequence, or output UNKNOWN if this cannot be determined from the input data.</p>

### 입력

<p>The first line will contain an integer&nbsp;<strong>T</strong>, the number of test cases in the input file.</p>

<p>For each test case, there will be:</p>

<ul>
	<li>One line containing the integer&nbsp;<strong>N</strong>, the number of elements of sequence S that you have.</li>
	<li>One line containing&nbsp;<strong>N</strong>&nbsp;single-space-separated integers between 0 and 10006, the known elements of the sequence.</li>
</ul>

<p>Limits</p>

<ul>
	<li>1 &le;&nbsp;<strong>T</strong>&nbsp;&le; 20</li>
	<li>1 &le;&nbsp;<strong>N</strong>&nbsp;&le; 5</li>
</ul>

### 출력

<p>For each test case, output one line containing &quot;Case #<strong>X</strong>:&nbsp;<strong>Y</strong>&quot; where&nbsp;<strong>X</strong>&nbsp;is the number of the test case, starting from 1, and&nbsp;<strong>Y</strong>&nbsp;is the next number in the sequence, or the string UNKNOWN if the next number cannot be determined.</p>

### 힌트

<p>In the first case, C<sub>0</sub>, C<sub>1</sub>&nbsp;and C<sub>2</sub>&nbsp;might have been 1, 2 and 4, and the values of S<sub>n</sub>&nbsp;we have starting at n=1. If this is correct, we don&#39;t know C<sub>3</sub>, so the next number in the sequence could be anything! Therefore the answer is unknown.</p>

<p>In the second case, we cannot know all the values of C<sub>k</sub>&nbsp;or even what n is, but we can prove that in any sequence, if 1, 10, 11, 200 occur in order, then the next value will always be 201.</p>