# [Gold I] COW Splits - 35327

[문제 링크](https://www.acmicpc.net/problem/35327)

### 성능 요약

시간 제한: 2 초, 메모리 제한: 2048 MB

### 통계

제출: 25, 정답: 24, 맞힌 사람: 21, 정답 비율: 100.000%

### 분류

구현, 많은 조건 분기, 문자열, 애드 혹, 해 구성하기

### 문제 설명

<p>Bessie is given a positive integer $N$ and a string $S$ of length $3N$ which is generated by concatenating $N$ strings of length $3$, each of which is a cyclic shift of "COW". In other words, each string will be "COW", "OWC", or "WCO".</p>

<p>String $X$ is a <em>square string</em> if and only if there exists a string $Y$ such that $X = Y + Y$ where $+$ represents string concatenation. For example, "COWCOW" and "CC" are examples of square strings but "COWO" and "OC" are not.</p>

<p>In a single operation, Bessie can remove any <strong>subsequence</strong> $T$ from $S$ where $T$ is a square string. A subsequence of a string is a string which can be obtained by removing several (possibly zero) characters from the original string.</p>

<p>Your job is to help Bessie determine whether it is possible to transform $S$ into an empty string. Additionally, if it is possible, then you must provide a way to do so.</p>

<p>Bessie is also given a parameter $k$ which is either $0$ or $1$. Let $M$ be the number of operations in your construction.</p>

<ul>
<li>If $k = 0$, then $M$ must equal the minimum possible number of operations.</li>
<li>If $k = 1$, then $M$ can be up to one plus the minimum possible number of operations</li>
</ul>

### 입력

<p>The first line contains $T$, the number of independent test cases ($1\le T\le 10^4$) and $k$ ($0 \le k \le 1$).</p>

<p>The first line of each test case has $N$ ($1 \le N \le 10^5$).</p>

<p>The second line of each test case has $S$.</p>

<p>The sum of $N$ across all test cases will not exceed $10^5$.</p>

### 출력

<p>For each test case, output either one or two lines using the following procedure.</p>

<p>If it is impossible to transform $S$ into an empty string, print $-1$ on a single line.</p>

<p>Otherwise, on the first line print $M$ -- the number of operations in your construction. On the second line, print $3N$ space-separated integers. The $i$th integer $x$ indicates that the $i$th letter of $S$ was deleted as part of the $x$th subsequence ($1 \le x \le M$).</p>