# [Gold II] GUID Generator - 35357

[문제 링크](https://www.acmicpc.net/problem/35357)

### 성능 요약

시간 제한: 5 초, 메모리 제한: 2048 MB

### 통계

제출: 22, 정답: 14, 맞힌 사람: 11, 정답 비율: 61.111%

### 분류

그래프 이론, 그래프 탐색, 자료 구조, 트라이, 트리, 해싱

### 문제 설명

<p>Anna is preparing a new database for her web application, in which a Globally Unique Identifier (GUID) is assigned to each table row. Getting tired of the traditional random GUID generation method, Anna decides to try something new this time.</p>

<p>Anna finds a tree with $n$ nodes, where between each pair of nodes there exists one unique simple path (A simple path visits each node at most once). She assigns each node one hexadecimal character (<code>0-9</code> or <code>a-f</code>). To generate a GUID, she selects two nodes $s$ and $t$ (not necessarily distinct), and constructs a string by concatenating all the hexadecimal characters along the simple path from $s$ to $t$. This resulting hexadecimal string is then used as a GUID. Note that the GUIDs generated by this method do not have a fixed length. Besides, the GUID produced by the path from $s$ to $t$ may not be the same as the GUID produced by the path from $t$ to $s$.</p>

<p>Anna can generate different GUIDs by choosing different nodes $s$ and $t$. To ensure the quality of her GUID generation method, she wants to know how many unique GUIDs can be generated from the given tree.</p>

### 입력

<p>The first line of input has a single integer $n$ ($2 \leq n \leq 2\, 000$), the number of nodes in the tree. The nodes are numbered from $1$ to $n$. The next line contains a string of $n$ hexadecimal characters (<code>0-9</code> or <code>a-f</code>), where the $i$th character is the hexadecimal character assigned to node $i$.</p>

<p>The following $n-1$ lines each contain two integers $u$ and $v$ ($1 \leq u, v \leq n$, $u \neq v$), indicating that there is an edge between nodes $u$ and $v$. It is guaranteed that the given edges form a tree.</p>

### 출력

<p>Output a single integer, the number of unique GUIDs that can be generated from the given tree.</p>