# [Gold III] Guess - 1248

[문제 링크](https://www.acmicpc.net/problem/1248)

### 성능 요약

시간 제한: 2 초, 메모리 제한: 128 MB

### 통계

제출: 11693, 정답: 4453, 맞힌 사람: 2825, 정답 비율: 36.167%

### 분류

브루트포스 알고리즘, 백트래킹

### 문제 설명

<p>Given a sequence of integers, a<sub>1</sub>, a<sub>2</sub>, &hellip;, a<sub>n</sub>, we define its sign matrix S such that, for 1 &le; i &le; j &le; n, S<sub>ij</sub>=&quot;+&quot; if a<sub>i</sub> + &hellip; + a<sub>j</sub> &gt; 0; S<sub>ij</sub>=&quot;&minus;&quot; if a<sub>i</sub> + &hellip; + a<sub>j</sub> &lt; 0; and S<sub>ij</sub>=&quot;0&quot; otherwise.&nbsp;</p>

<p>For example, if (a<sub>1</sub>, a<sub>2</sub>, a<sub>3</sub>, a<sub>4</sub>)=( &minus;1, 5, &minus;4, 2), then its sign matrix S is a 4&times;4 matrix:&nbsp;</p>

<table class="table table-bordered" style="width:15%">
	<thead>
		<tr>
			<th style="width:3%">&nbsp;</th>
			<th style="width:3%">1</th>
			<th style="width:3%">2</th>
			<th style="width:3%">3</th>
			<th style="width:3%">4</th>
		</tr>
	</thead>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<th>1</th>
			<td>-</td>
			<td>+</td>
			<td>0</td>
			<td>+</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<th>2</th>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
			<td>+</td>
			<td>+</td>
			<td>+</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<th>3</th>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
			<td>-</td>
			<td>-</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<th>4</th>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
			<td>+</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>

<p>We say that the sequence (&minus;1, 5, &minus;4, 2) generates the sign matrix. A sign matrix is valid if it can be generated by a sequence of integers.&nbsp;</p>

<p>Given a sequence of integers, it is easy to compute its sign matrix. This problem is about the opposite direction: Given a valid sign matrix, find a sequence of integers that generates the sign matrix. Note that two or more different sequences of integers can generate the same sign matrix. For example, the sequence (&minus;2, 5, &minus;3, 1) generates the same sign matrix as the sequence (&minus;1,5, &minus;4,2).&nbsp;</p>

<p>Write a program that, given a valid sign matrix, can find a sequence of integers that generates the sign matrix. You may assume that every integer in a sequence is between &minus;10 and 10, both inclusive.&nbsp;</p>

### 입력

<p>The first line contains an integer n(1 &le; n &le; 10), where n is the length of a sequence of integers. The second line contains a string of n(n+1)/2 characters such that the first n characters correspond to the first row of the sign matrix, the next n&minus;1 characters &nbsp;to the second row, ..., and the last character to the n-th row.&nbsp;</p>

### 출력

<p>Output exactly one line containing a sequence of n integers which generates the sign matrix. If more than one sequence generates the sign matrix, you may output any one of them. Every integer in the sequence must be between &minus;10 and 10, both inclusive.</p>