# [Silver II] De-RNG-ed (Small) - 12555

[문제 링크](https://www.acmicpc.net/problem/12555)

### 성능 요약

시간 제한: 5 초, 메모리 제한: 512 MB

### 통계

제출: 53, 정답: 24, 맞힌 사람: 20, 정답 비율: 44.444%

### 분류

수학, 브루트포스 알고리즘, 정수론

### 문제 설명

<p>I want to make an online poker website. A very important component of such a system is the random number generator. It needs to be fast and random enough. Here is a compromise I came up with. I need a way to generate random numbers of length at most&nbsp;<strong>D</strong>. My plan is to select a prime number&nbsp;<strong>P</strong>&nbsp;&le; 10<sup><strong>D</strong></sup>. I am also going to pick non-negative integers&nbsp;<strong>A</strong>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<strong>B</strong>. Finally, I&#39;m going to pick an integer seed&nbsp;<strong>S</strong>&nbsp;between 0 and&nbsp;<strong>P</strong>-1, inclusive.</p>

<p>To output my sequence of pseudo-random numbers, I&#39;m going to first output&nbsp;<strong>S</strong>&nbsp;and then compute the new value of&nbsp;<strong>S</strong>&nbsp;like this:<br />
<code><strong>S</strong>&nbsp;:= (<strong>A</strong>*<strong>S</strong>&nbsp;+&nbsp;<strong>B</strong>) mod&nbsp;<strong>P</strong>.</code></p>

<p>Then I will output the new value of&nbsp;<strong>S</strong>&nbsp;as the next number in the sequence and update&nbsp;<strong>S</strong>again by using the same formula. I can repeat this as many times as I want.</p>

<p>Do you think that this is a good random number generator? Can you write a program that takes&nbsp;<strong>K</strong>&nbsp;consecutive elements of a sequence that was generated by my random number generator, and prints the next element of the sequence?</p>

### 입력

<p>The first line of the input gives the number of test cases,&nbsp;<strong>T</strong>.&nbsp;&nbsp;<strong>T</strong>&nbsp;test cases follow. Each one starts with a line containing&nbsp;<strong>D</strong>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<strong>K</strong>. The next line contains&nbsp;<strong>K</strong>&nbsp;consecutive elements generated by a random number generator of the kind described above.</p>

<h3>Limits</h3>

<ul>
	<li>1 &le;&nbsp;<strong>T</strong>&nbsp;&le; 100.</li>
	<li>1 &le;&nbsp;<strong>K</strong>&nbsp;&le; 10.</li>
	<li>The&nbsp;<strong>K</strong>&nbsp;integers will be consecutive elements of a sequence generated by a random number generator of the type described above.</li>
	<li>1 &le;&nbsp;<strong>D</strong>&nbsp;&le; 4.</li>
</ul>

### 출력

<p>For each test case, output one line containing &quot;Case #x: y&quot;, where x is the case number (starting from 1) and y is either the next number in the sequence, or the string &quot;I don&#39;t know.&quot; if the answer is ambiguous.</p>