# [Gold I] Find the Multiples - 3870

[문제 링크](https://www.acmicpc.net/problem/3870)

### 성능 요약

시간 제한: 2 초, 메모리 제한: 128 MB

### 통계

제출: 59, 정답: 23, 맞힌 사람: 22, 정답 비율: 45.833%

### 분류

수학, 다이나믹 프로그래밍, 자료 구조, 정수론, 집합과 맵, 누적 합, 조합론, 해시를 사용한 집합과 맵, 트리를 사용한 집합과 맵

### 문제 설명

<p>You are given a sequence a<sub>0</sub>a<sub>1</sub>&middot;&middot;&middot;a<sub>N&minus;1</sub> of digits and a prime number Q. For each i &le; j with a<sub>i</sub> &ne; 0, the subsequence a<sub>i</sub>a<sub>i+1</sub>&middot;&middot;&middot;a<sub>j</sub> can be read as a decimal representation of a positive integer. Subsequences with leading zeros are not considered. Your task is to count the number of pairs (i, j) such that the corresponding subsequence is a multiple of Q.</p>

### 입력

<p>The input consists of at most 50 datasets. Each dataset is represented by a line containing four integers N, S, W, and Q, separated by spaces, where 1 &le; N &le; 10<sup>5</sup>, 1 &le; S &le; 10<sup>9</sup>, 1 &le; W &le; 10<sup>9</sup>, and Q is a prime number less than 10<sup>8</sup>. The sequence a<sub>0</sub> &middot;&middot;&middot; a<sub>N&minus;1</sub> of length N is generated by the following code, in which a<sub>i</sub> is written as <code>a[i]</code>.</p>

<pre class="brush:c++; toolbar:false;">
int g = S;
for(int i=0; i&lt;N; i++) {
&nbsp; &nbsp; a[i] = (g/7) % 10;
&nbsp; &nbsp; if( g%2 == 0 ) { g = (g/2); }
&nbsp; &nbsp; else &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; { g = (g/2) ^ W; }
}</pre>

<p>Note: the operators /, %, and ^ are the integer division, the modulo, and the bitwise exclusiveor, respectively. The above code is meant to be a random number generator. The intended solution does not rely on the way how the sequence is generated.</p>

<p>The end of the input is indicated by a line containing four zeros separated by spaces.</p>

### 출력

<p>For each dataset, output the answer in a line. You may assume that the answer is less than 2<sup>30</sup>.</p>

### 힌트

<p>In the first dataset, the sequence is 421. We can find two multiples of Q = 7, namely, 42 and 21.</p>

<p>In the second dataset, the sequence is 5052, from which we can find 5, 50, 505, and 5 being the multiples of Q = 5. Notice that we don&rsquo;t count 0 or 05 since they are not a valid representation of positive integers. Also notice that we count 5 twice, because it occurs twice in different positions.</p>

<p>In the third and fourth datasets, the sequences are 95073 and 12221, respectively.</p>