# [Platinum IV] New Lottery Game (Large) - 12251

[문제 링크](https://www.acmicpc.net/problem/12251)

### 성능 요약

시간 제한: 5 초, 메모리 제한: 512 MB

### 통계

제출: 32, 정답: 22, 맞힌 사람: 21, 정답 비율: 87.500%

### 분류

비트마스킹, 다이나믹 프로그래밍

### 문제 설명

<p>The Lottery is changing! The Lottery used to have a machine to generate a random winning number. But due to cheating problems, the Lottery has decided to add another machine. The new winning number will be the result of the bitwise-AND operation between the two random numbers generated by the two machines.</p>

<p>To find the bitwise-AND of X and Y, write them both in binary; then a bit in the result in binary has a 1 if the corresponding bits of X and Y were both 1, and a 0 otherwise. In most programming languages, the bitwise-AND of X and Y is written X&amp;Y.</p>

<p>For example:<br />
&nbsp; &nbsp;The old machine generates the number 7 = 0111.<br />
&nbsp; &nbsp;The new machine generates the number 11 = 1011.<br />
&nbsp; &nbsp;The winning number will be (7 AND 11) = (0111 AND 1011) = 0011 = 3.</p>

<p>With this measure, the Lottery expects to reduce the cases of fraudulent claims, but unfortunately an employee from the Lottery company has leaked the following information: the old machine will always generate a non-negative integer less than A and the new one will always generate a non-negative integer less than B.&nbsp;</p>

<p>Catalina wants to win this lottery and to give it a try she decided to buy all non-negative integers less than K.&nbsp;</p>

<p>Given A, B and K, Catalina would like to know in how many different ways the machines can generate a pair of numbers that will make her a winner.&nbsp;</p>

<p>Could you help her?</p>

### 입력

<p>The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, <strong>T</strong>. <strong>T</strong> lines follow, each line with three numbers <strong>A</strong> <strong>B</strong> <strong>K</strong>.</p>

<p>Limits</p>

<ul>
	<li>1 &le; <strong>T</strong> &le; 100.</li>
	<li><span style="line-height:1.6em">1 &le; </span><strong style="line-height:1.6em">A</strong><span style="line-height:1.6em"> &le; 10</span><sup style="line-height:1.6em">9</sup><span style="line-height:1.6em">.</span></li>
	<li>1 &le; <strong>B</strong> &le; 10<sup>9</sup>.</li>
	<li>1 &le; <strong>K</strong> &le; 10<sup>9</sup>.</li>
</ul>

### 출력

<p>For each test case, output one line containing &quot;Case #x: y&quot;, where x is the test case number (starting from 1) and y is the number of possible pairs that the machines can generate to make Catalina a winner.</p>

### 힌트

<p>In the first test case, these are the 10 possible pairs generated by the old and new machine respectively that will make her a winner: &lt;0,0&gt;, &lt;0,1&gt;, &lt;0,2&gt;, &lt;0,3&gt;, &lt;1,0&gt;, &lt;1,1&gt;, &lt;1,2&gt;, &lt;1,3&gt;, &lt;2,0&gt; and &lt;2,1&gt;. Notice that &lt;0,1&gt; is not the same as &lt;1,0&gt;. Also, although the pair &lt;2, 2&gt; could be generated by the machines it wouldn&#39;t make Catalina win since (2 AND 2) = 2 and she only bought the numbers 0 and 1.</p>