# [Gold V] Garbage In, Garbage Out - 35210

[문제 링크](https://www.acmicpc.net/problem/35210)

### 성능 요약

시간 제한: 2 초, 메모리 제한: 2048 MB

### 통계

제출: 27, 정답: 14, 맞힌 사람: 13, 정답 비율: 50.000%

### 분류

무작위화, 문자열

### 문제 설명

<p>It is the 25th of July, 2525. Now that the usage of Large Language Models (LLMs) is so ubiquitous, it has become nearly impossible to find actual human-made articles on the internet and not get lost in all the gibberish produced by LLMs.</p>

<p>(Un)fortunately, LLM technology has regressed significantly. Neural networks have been trained on data that is mostly generated by older LLMs, which in turn were trained on even older recycled data. As a result, the output produced by most LLMs is a long string of lowercase letters, each chosen uniformly at random and independently of the others.</p>

<p>You decided to make a program to scavenge the internet in search of human-made articles. Your program must determine whether a given text is human-made or generated by an LLM.</p>

<p>A given text is guaranteed to be exactly one of the following:</p>

<ul>
<li><em>Human-made</em>, in which case it is a fixed concatenation (without spaces) of words from a given word list.</li>
<li><em>Not human-made</em> and, therefore, generated by an LLM, in which case each character is chosen independently and uniformly at random.</li>
</ul>

### 입력

<p>The input consists of:</p>

<ul>
<li>One line with a string $s$, the given text to check.</li>
<li>One line with an integer $n$, the number of words in the word list.</li>
<li>$n$ lines, each with a string $w$ ($6 \leq |w| \leq 10$), the words in the word list. The words in the word list are distinct and fixed per test case.</li>
</ul>

<p>All input strings only consist of English lowercase letters (<code>a-z</code>).</p>

<p>Your submission will be run on exactly $100$ test cases, all of which will have $|s| = 3\cdot10^5$ and $n = 5000$. The samples are smaller and for illustration only.</p>

<p>For each test case where $s$ is human-made, $s$ is fixed and does not change between each of your submissions. For each test case where $s$ is generated by an LLM, each of your submissions will receive a new string $s$, generated from independently and uniformly picking random English lowercase letters (<code>a-z</code>).</p>

### 출력

<p>If the given string was human-made, output "<code>yes</code>". Otherwise, if it was generated by an LLM, output "<code>no</code>".</p>